If you live to be 70 years old you will spend TEN YEARS of your life on Monday.

Only one sock goes missing because if both disappeared, you wouldn’t notice.

Peer pressure as an adult is seeing your neighbor mow their lawn or put up Christmas lights.

When you wait for a waiter, you become a waiter.

Love is not blind but it leads to blindness.

Before the camera was invented, no one had seen themselves with their eyes closed.

Whether your voice in your head is whispering or screaming it always speaks at the same volume.

Your tongue’s ability to detect hair is underrated.

If you did something “like a boss”, you’d probably just pay someone else to do it.

Because you’re blinking, you’ve never seen the whole movie in your life.

 Your hair was put on your head to remind you that you can’t control everything.
 Your gut knows what your heart doesn’t. Listen to it.
 Your desire for support, trust, and deep connection isn’t a flaw and isn’t a weakness.
 You’re not marrying your partner, you’re also marrying each other’s families.
 You’ll find you aren’t living an exciting or extravagant life. It’s okay to live simply and quietly.
 You will always recycle your experiences until you change your thinking.
 You still haven’t met all of the people who are going to love you.
 You really start to grow and glow when you distance yourself from negative energy.
 You only live once. After that you have to think up some other excuse.
 You have to understand that people will leave your life, you can’t fall apart every time it happens.
 You have to lose a few people to find yourself.
 You gotta be able to roll with the changes. The person you’re with at 25 will evolve by 45.
 You don’t have to be liked by everybody. You don’t even like everybody.
 You don’t always need a logical reason for doing everything. Try to do something just because you want to.
 You deserve someone who isn’t okay with losing you.
 You can’t pour from an empty cup.
 You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.
 You are here to live your life, not to make everyone understand.
 You are both of light and the dark. You don’t have to deny any aspects of who you are.
 Worry does not take away tomorrow’s troubles. It takes away today’s peace.
 With the right person, you don’t have to work so hard to be happy. It just happens.
 Who you are becoming is more than who you’ve been.
 When god gives you a new beginning, don't repeat the old mistakes.
 When “home” is a person and not a place, that’s love.
 What comes easy won’t last. What lasts won’t come easy.
 We stopped checking for monsters under our bed, when we realized they may be inside us.
 Unconditional love is not unconditional tolerance.
 Trust the next chapter, because you are the author.
 True relationship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
 True intimacy comes from vulnerability, trust, and honesty.
 There is always some madness in love. But there’s also some reason in madness.
 There is a past version of you that is so proud of how far you have come.
 The signs you ignore in the beginning just end up being the reason you leave later.
 The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.
 The more life you’ve lived, the faster time seems to go.
 The last person you think of at night is the cause of your happiness or your pain.
 The good news: nothing lasts forever :)
 The best things in life are free. The second best are expensive.
 The bad news: nothing lasts forever.
 The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.
 That it’s possible to do everything right and still lose.
 Take more chances, dance more dances.
 Take a breath. Learn to forgive but never forget.
 Stop worrying about the world ending today. It’s already tomorrow in Australia.
 Stop wondering if the glass is half empty or full. The glass is refillable.
 Stop trying to re-live your past. You need to live to love your future.
 Stop telling people your plans. Show them your results.
 Stop searching for “the one”. There’s more than one person in the world that are right for you.
 Stop praying when it rains if you don’t pray when the sun shines.
 Stop looking for someone perfect. Try to focus on finding the perfect match.
 Stop imaging fake scenarios and hurting your own feelings.
 Stop expecting people to be mind readers and tell them clearly what you want.
 Stop expecting everyone to have the same heart as you do.
 Stop catching strong feelings for people with weak communication.
 Stop carrying old feelings into new experiences.
 Stop being afraid of making first move. To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
 Stop being afraid of future. There is peace even in the storm.
 Stop adding up in your life when it can’t be. Begin subtracting.
 Stay away from “still” people. Still broke, still complaining, still hating, still nowhere.
 Sometimes your heart needs more time to accept what your mind already knows.
 Sometimes we don’t protect our hearts by acting like we don’t have one.
 Sometimes we create our own heartbreaks through expectations.
 Sometimes the only person who can help you, is YOU.
 Sometimes it’s okay to turn the world off for a while.
 Someone’s lack of reciprocation is not an invitation for you to convince them of your worth.
 Someone else’s “perfections” are not your flaws.
 Some people die at 25 We just bury them at 75.
 Social media has made perfect look achievable, so now real has become undesirable.
 Quitters never win and winners never quit.
 People may be upset when you choose you over their mess. Choose you anyway.
 People have to handle the decline of their aging parents even if they are unprepared.
 People come and go, that’s life.
 Patience with small details makes perfect a large work, like the universe.
 Only those who care about you can hear you when you’re quiet.
 One minute of patience, ten years of peace. we need patience for things to happen.
 Offline is the new peace of mind.
 Not all storms come to disrupt your life, some come to clear your path.
 Not all relationships will lead to marriage, some will help you discover new restaurants.
 Nobody really cares if you don’t go to the party.
 No reply is the ultimate reply.
 No pressure, no diamonds.
 No one talks about how lonely healing can feel.
 Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
 Never trust anyone too much, remember the devil was once an angel.
 Never let somebody waste your time twice.
 Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
 Moments become memories and people become lessons. That’s life.
 Maturity is when you realize that your dreams are more important than any damn person.
 Make your happiness your main priority.
 Make sure you’re not the only one who actually values the connection.
 Love what you have before life teaches you to love what you lost.
 Love the people who never look a schedule when you need them.
 Losing toxic people is a win.
 Listen, that move you are scared to make, might be the game changer.
 Life is too short to be with the wrong person. Meet new people here.
 Life is supposed to be difficult, but it doesn’t need to be painful.
 Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.
 Life becomes more meaningful when you realize that you’ll never get the same moment twice.
 Less expectations, more satisfaction.
 Just because you love them, it doesn’t mean they’re right for you.
 Just because you can’t carry it doesn’t mean it’s heavy.
 It’s you TWO vs. the problem, NOT you vs. your partner.
 It’s so dumb that dogs and cats don’t last forever.
 It’s not your job to fix people.
 It’s not selfish to make your happiness your main priority.
 If you think you’re fat, you probably are.
 If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in bed with a mosquito.
 If you text, call, visit and still get ignored, just walk away.
 If you need to cry, please just cry.
 If you fall in love with their soul before you touch their skin, it’s true love.
 If you are happy in real life, you don’t need to prove it on social media.
 If today is not your day, remember a year has 365 days.
 If someone’s absence brings you peace. You didn’t lose anything.
 If it is important for you, you will find a way. If not, you’ll find an excuse.
 I know you’re scared of such change but you cannot grow where’ve you are most comfortable.
 How you love yourself is how you teach others to love you.
 Healthy relationships include uncomfortable conversations.
 Healing takes place in safe relationships. Not all relationships are safe. Some can re-traumatize your core wound.
 Growth requires accountability. You can’t grow if you aren’t willing to hear and acknowledge the ways in which you need to grow.
 Go where your energy is reciprocated, celebrated, and appreciated.
 Friday the 3th is better than Monday the whatever.
 For every minute you are angry you lose 60 seconds of happiness.
 Feelings that come back are feelings that never left.
 Fall in love with your problems, maybe they will leave you too.
 Everything’s not as easy as getting fat.
 Everyone will be at the age where leaving party early is part of their self care routine.
 Everyone has two eyes, but no one has the same view.
 Every half hour you call your friend, and they’ll say”I told you I'll be ready in FIVE minutes.”
 Even a bad day is just 24 hours.
 Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
 Don’t think “I’ll change them.” No you won’t.
 Don’t let your loneliness make you reconnect with wrong person. Meet better people here.
 Don’t let people who do so little for you define so much of your life.
 Don’t let being lonely make you fall into low energy relationships.
 Don’t fall back into your old patterns just because they’re familiar.
 Do not take life too serious, you will never get out of it alive.
 Do not go back. A person who treated you terribly will do it again and again, and again.
 Do more things that makes you forget to check your phone.
 Do more of what makes you happy.
 Distance doesn’t separate people. Silence does.
 Different doesn’t mean wrong. It is YOUR life. Your life’s decision is up to you.
 Control your ANGER because it’s just one letter away from ‘D’ANGER.
 Choose the people who will say your name in a room full of opportunities.
 Best friends see each other 3 times a year and may have no pictures together.
 Before you judge someone about their anger, ask them about their pain.
 Be with someone who loves you, even when you’re not the easiest to love.
 Be with someone who chooses you everyday, not just when they are in the mood for you.
 Be mindful of who can access you. Access is a privilege, not a right.
 Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
 Anxiety is like when video game combat music is playing but you can’t find any enemies.
 Anything that costs you your mental health is too expensive.
 An important part of emotional maturity is realizing you are not the main character of the universe.
 All relationship have one law. Never make the one you love feel alone especially when you’re there.
 Alcohol increase size of the “SEND” button by 89%.
 A toxic partner makes you drained entirely.
 A lot of people are practicing emotional avoidance and calling it a positive mindset.
 A good morning text doesn’t only mean that. It says silently “I think of you when I wake up”.
